Group Member: Reed, Skylar and Omar
Leader: Skylar


Part I: (Reed)
Finding a virus was one of the most time-consuming tasks I've run into this semester. I've been raised with the firm belief that anything and everything on the internet could have a potentially life-altering virus just waiting to infect your computer. We spent a total of about 5 hours tromping around the darkest reaches that we could reach through google. I clicked on every single pop up I could find. After a few hours of fighting against my basest insticts and a computer owner, I decided to download an anti-virus scan to see if we had any luck with our quest. To my dismay, neither Trend Micro nor Windows Defender found anything wrong with the many dubious programs that I let run rampant on my desktop. This is either a testament against my ability to find the unsavory parts of the internet, or both Trend Micro and Windows Defender are just tragically bad. I assumed that it was the former option, so I instead decided to write my own virus to ensure that we had an infected computer to take to the store. I wrote a program called a fork bomb. The bomb recursively calls itself in such a fashion that the number of command line windows grows exponentionally, until the computer's RAM becomes entirely filled with this function, which shuts the computer down. I just dropped the .bat into the startup folder so that the computer becomes unusable when booted outside of safe mode. After ensuring that the computer doesn't work, I handed it off to Skylar to take it to the computer shop.


Part II: (Skylar)
Once we found a good computer repair shop to take the computer to, I immediately took it over. We picked Spotts Professional Computers. When I got there at about 5:30, the employee was very nice. He first asked what was going on with the computer, so I told him that when I turned the computer on, it immediately opened the command prompt, which in turn opened more command prompts, eventually shutting down the computer. He then quickly hooked the computer up to a monitor to check out the situation. Meanwhile, I filled out a piece of paper that asked for my personal information so they could contact me for any further information. He then told me the outrageous price to just LOOK at the computer, which was a base price of $79.99. He asked me how long the computer had been malfunctioning, so I told him I didn’t know. He asked if I had noticed any differences before today, and I told him I didn’t think so. Once the computer started up and started opening the command prompts, he looked super puzzled and even made the statement “well, this is strange”. He asked how long it took before the computer shut itself off, and I told him about 5-10 minutes. He kept working on the computer, and assured me that they would have it figured out by the next day, so I left. The next day, I received a phone call at about 12 o’clock to pick up the computer.


Part III: (Omar)
I was the one that picked up the computer at the repair shop after it was fixed. The computer shop our group used was called “Spotts Computer Repair.” It is a small shop located at 180 W University Parkway. The pick-up process was pretty straight forward. I went in, they asked me what my name was and what I needed. I told them I was picking up a computer dropped off by Skylar Argo. She was the group member that chose the place and took the computer there. She let them know before-hand that I was picking up the computer instead of her, so they weren’t very skeptical. After I mentioned her name, they confirmed that she was indeed a costumer and directed me towards the computer. They then proceeded to show me that it was fully working and explained the problem to me. Everything seemed to be fine as they had claimed. At this point I was ready to check out. This is the part where things started going down-hill. They charged me $80 dollars for simply removing a virus. I’m not sure what other places are charging but $80 for something so simple is hands down ridiculous. Anyway, the job was done and there was no option but to pay, so I did. For that price you would imagine they would at least give you a fancy bag or something... That wasn’t the case at all. They straight up gave me the computer in hand and said good day. I signed their copy of the receipt and left. I wouldn’t recommend this place to anyone. I’m sure other places would do the same for way less.
